Update connections.rst (#805)
ansys/pyprimemesh: doc/source/user_guide/connections.rst

> - The :func:`Connect.intersect_face_zonelets() <ansys.meshing.prime.Connect.intersect_face_zonelets>` method allows you

Reviewer: Is this a function (as shown by the role) or a method as indicated in the text. They should both be using the correct role/term.

  to intersect the face zonelets of the part along the intersecting faces. 

.. figure:: ../images/connect_intersect.png
    :width: 200pt
    :align: center

- The :func:`Connect.stitch_face_zonelets() <ansys.meshing.prime.Connect.stitch_face_zonelets>` method allows you to
  stitch a set of face zonelets to another set of face zonelets along the boundary of zonelets.

.. figure:: ../images/connect_stitch.png
    :width: 200pt
    :align: center

- The :func:`Connect.join_face_zonelets() <ansys.meshing.prime.Connect.join_face_zonelets>` method allows you to join
  a set of face zonelets to another set of face zonelets along the overlapping faces. 

.. figure:: ../images/connect_join.png
    :width: 200pt
    :align: center

-	The :func:`Connect.fuse_face_zonelets() <ansys.meshing.prime.Connect.fuse_face_zonelets>` method allows you to 

>   perform fuse between overlapping face zonelets within a single part.

Reviewer: "to perform fuse between" seems like awkward wording. Can this be rewritten?

       n_multi_edges :  9
       n_duplicate_faces :  0

> To perform Fuse operation,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform the fuse operation:

```

Author: @PipKat It is the name of the operation.

> 1. Connect face zonelets in the model using fuse operation. You can apply Fuse on overlapping faces
>    within  a single part. You can colocate, merge, or remove fused surfaces as per your requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Connect face zonelets in the model using the fuse operation. You can apply a fuse on overlapping faces
   within a single part. You can co-locate, merge, or remove fused surfaces as per your requirement.

```

.. figure:: ../images/fuse.png
    :width: 200pt
    :align: center

> 2. Enable the fuse parameters as per your requirement. When absolute_tolerance is True, 
>    provides the gap tolerance or side tolerance value as absolute value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enable the fuse parameters as per your requirement. When ``absolute_tolerance=True``, 
   you must provide the gap tolerance or side tolerance value as an absolute value.

```

   .. code-block:: python

       connect = prime.Connect(model)
       params =  prime.FuseParams(model = model)
       params.use_absolute_tolerance = True
       params.gap_tolerance = 20
       params.fuse_option = prime.FuseOption.TRIMONESIDE
       params.check_interior = True
       params.check_orientation = False
       params.local_remesh = True
       params.separate = True
       params.dump_mesh = False
       params.n_layers = 2
       params.angle = 45

> fuse_option specifies how to treat the surface when performing fuse operation. Here, TRIMONESIDE option deletes the faces to be fused on one side and merges the nodes in the middle location. When local_remesh is True, meshes the fused region after performing fuse operation. n_layers specify the number of layers around the region to be fused. When separate is True, separates the fused region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``fuse_option`` parameter specifies how to treat the surface when performing the fuse operation. Here, the ``TRIMONESIDE`` value results in deleting the faces to be fused on one side and merging the nodes in the middle location. When ``local_remesh = True``, the fused region is meshed after performing the fuse operation. The ``n_layers`` parameter specifies the number of layers around the region to be fused. When ``separate = True``, the fused region is separated.

```
